feat(clp-s): Add `CLP_BUILD_CLP_S_ENABLE_CURL` build option to exclude libcurl/libcrypto paths for WebAssembly compatibility; Improve Curl error handling utilities. (#1710)
y-scope/clp: components/core/src/clp_s/CMakeLists.txt

> option(CLP_S_STATIC_EXE "Enable clp-s static exe" OFF)

Author: ```suggestion
option(CLP_S_STATIC_EXE "Build clp-s as a statically linked executable." OFF)
```

> option(CLP_S_STATIC_EXE "Enable clp-s static exe" OFF)

Reviewer: If `CLP_USE_STATIC_LIBS` is `OFF` doesn't this flag not actually result in static linking? Seems like what this flag does specifically is exclude, libcurl, mongocxx and related libraries, and statically link clp-s against libgcc and libstdc++.

Since this flag is doing three different things that aren't all directly related to making the clp-s executable statically linked, I think they should be three separate flags.

E.g.,
CLP_S_EXCLUDE_LIBCURL
CLP_S_EXCLUDE_MONGOCXX
CLP_S_STATIC_LIBSTD

or something similar.
